It's the last day of February.

Some reflection about what happen every month need to be made.
So, first, I may spend a lot of money for my own stuff.
And also lent some of money to Rahma, which, turn out that she got scammed and she spend (in total) of 15,5 million rupiah of my money
I actually have to admit that I hate how it happened, as I also need money to construct our house and it has to be delayed because of that.
And who knows how long can she pay me back in full.
But anyway, as (I hope) that she learned her lesson, I also learned my lesson.
My lesson is: Do not lend money to anyone if you are unsure how they gonna pay back or just because spite of pity.
Anyway, I hope she can pay it back quickly.


Other than that, I spend the salary money to myself. I fixed my phone battery, spend some money on good food and I think I gain some weight.
I also buy some books, 4 books in total and I will stop there for this month and next month
Also buying a hand heater, because I always feels cold
Also I buy two necklace (because I love myself), I will use the excuse as that gonna be a gift from me to me
Gotta love my damn-self.
Also, the necklace is to remind me to stay happy and energize. Whatever happen, I should be happy
I may feel sad someday but I have to keep in mind that I should not fall to that feeling for too long
Get that ass back up and shine~

I send money back home too, which I think is enough for my mom and dad for one month.
It is 5 M rupiah, which I think supposed to be enough for them, turn out not.
Mom also got her teeth, so I think this month many good thing happen.
Alhamdulillah

So, as March 1st, I have to recap where I spent my money and how should I manage it for the next month.,

March 2nd
I finished calculting my budget and turn out I dont have enough saving yet for almost 6 months of working in HK
So, in that sense, I need to really watch my budget, I can't go over what I have plan for money this month anymore
I guess I was a bit lost control in the last few months.

So thats it for February
